[Music]
look
you got your diploma you got a job
i read through the letter from your
parole officer you're taking great care
of your mom and your little brother
you're a young man who's ready to commit
himself to something greater
it's just not going to be the marines
[Music]
i think we can do this battle
i know about your sister
no no wait wait why why isn't it a good
idea
it just isn't because she's 18. the
problem is that boy you were with
daniel harris you know he went to jail
he won a good move is that it he's a bad
person because he went to gyms
i had enough proper chances when do you
feel like you have to hide
i don't know that people hide
relationships
i promise
[Music]
you